feat: DVM2.0 umip (#558)
UMAprotocol/UMIPs: UMIPs/umip-167.md

## Headers

| UMIP-166    |                                                                                            |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| UMIP Title | Approve DVM upgrade to DVM2.0                                  |
| Authors    | Chris Maree (chris@umaproject.org), Pablo Maldonado (pablo@umaproject.org)       |
| Status     | Draft                                                                                     |
| Created    | x                                                                          |

## Summary

This UMIP proposes an upgrade to the UMA Data Verification Mechanism(DVM) that re-works core parts of UMA's tokenomics.

> At a high level, this upgrade adds a new staking and slashing mechanism wherein voters earn a prorate share of emissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At a high level, this upgrade adds a new staking and slashing mechanism wherein voters earn a pro-rata share of emissions
```

1. Changing the minter permissions on the UMA token
2. Adding the new governor as the owner of the voting token
3. Transferring old governor tokens to the new governor
4. Transferring ownership of the finder to the [VotingUpgraderV2.sol](https://github.com/UMAprotocol/protocol/blob/master/packages/core/contracts/umips/VotingUpgraderV2.sol). This contract is used in a number of subsequent steps to ensure that the upgrade process is atomic.
5. Transfer ownership of existing voting to voting upgrader
6. Temporarily add the Governor as a contract creator
7. Register the ProposerV2 as a verified contract
8. Register the GovernorV2 as a verified contract
9. Transfer ownership of all remaining contracts to the voting upgrader
10. Transfer all multirole ownership to the voting upgrader
11. Reset governance ownership to the voting upgrader for both the old and new governor

> 

Reviewer 2: Maybe redudant with the text below but I think we can add the votingUpgrader.upgrade() which is an actual step/action in the proposal:
12. Execute the upgrade from the voting upgrader

When executed, these transaction have the effect of moving all internal ownership to the voting upgrader contract and using this to upgrade the UMA DVM system atomically. Please see the linked upgrade scripts that outline the upgrade process in detail.

> 

Reviewer 2: Ideas for things to add:
- The prior DVM (Voting) will no longer be used once it has been migrated, although unclaimed rewards from the previous contract can still be claimed using the new DVM 2.0.
- The migration will not not involve any interruption of the functionality of contracts using the DVM (OOv2, OO, etc.), as they will continue to function with DVM 2.0 after migration.

## Security considerations

> The upgraded DVM contracts listed above have been audited by Open Zepplin in two separate audits ([report1](), [report2]()). Additionally, the upgrade process presented above as was also audited by OZ.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The upgraded DVM contracts listed above have been audited by Open Zeppelin in two separate audits ([report1](), [report2]()). Additionally, the upgrade process presented above as was also audited by OZ.
```
